Reorganize security documentation [DOCS-104] (#1263)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/security/pages/simple-authentication.adoc

The simple authentication enables you to define users and their roles **directly** in the
Hazelcast member configuration.

> Compared to advanced authentication methods, with the simple authentication you don't need an additional infrastructure for Hazelcast's enterprise-level authentication (LDAP server, Kerberos, etc.). Neither you need to provide custom login module implementations as in xref:jaas-authentication.adoc[JAAS-based authentication].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to advanced authentication methods, with the simple authentication you don't need an additional infrastructure for Hazelcast's enterprise-level authentication (LDAP server, Kerberos, etc.), nor do you need to provide custom login module implementations as in xref:jaas-authentication.adoc[JAAS-based authentication].
```
